adding module plume-web-jersey-info (#23)
Coreoz/Plume: plume-web-jersey-info/README.md

Plume Web Jersey info
================

> This module provides multiple utilities to implement monitoring web-services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides utilities to expose backend monitoring API similarly to what is offered by Spring Actuator:
- `/health`
- `/info`
- `/metrics`
```

Setup
-----
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.coreoz</groupId>
    <artifactId>plume-web-jersey-info</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

> Jackson

Reviewer: Le reste du README n'est pas bon.

Il faut expliquer rapidement comment utiliser le module. En ajoutant un exemple avec une classe WS qui expose les 3 API

Author: Yes je voulais avoir une validation de l'implémentation avant d'attaquer le readme

Author: J'ai refait le readme

Plume Web Jersey info
================

This module provides utilities to expose backend monitoring API similarly to what is offered by Spring Actuator:
- `/health`
- `/info`
- `/metrics`

Setup
-----
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.coreoz</groupId>
    <artifactId>plume-web-jersey-info</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

Services
-------

### HealthCheckService
The `HealthCheckService` provides a simple API to monitor the health status of your application.

- `registerHealthCheck`: Register your health checks
- `isHealthy`: run the registered health checks and return the health status.

Usage example:

**Web-service**
```java
@Path("/monitor/health")
@Singleton
public class HealthWs {
    private static final Logger logger = LoggerFactory.getLogger(HealthWs.class);

    private final HealthCheckService healthCheckService;

>     private final ObjectMapper objectMapper = PlmWebJerseyInfoObjectMapperProvider.get();

Reviewer: ça ne semble pas utile de définir ça en variable de classe
